Remove invoke command (#227)
OpenZeppelin/nile: README.md

nile setup <private_key_alias>

🚀 Deploying Account
⏳ ️Deployment of Account successfully sent at 0x07db6b52c8ab888183277bc6411c400136fe566c0eebfb96fffa559b2e60e794
🧾 Transaction hash: 0x17
📦 Registering deployment as account-0 in localhost.deployments.txt
```

> A few things to notice here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few things to note here:
```

- `max_fee` defaults to `0`. Add `--max_fee <max_fee>` to set the maximum fee for the transaction
- `network` defaults to the `localhost`. Add `--network <network>` to change the network for the transaction

### `call`

> Using `call`, we can perform read operations against our local node or the specified public network. The syntax is:

Reviewer: we could add a mention to `simulate` and `estimate_fee` here or in the other PR

Author: I added a mention for those in the other PR under the `send` section, are you suggesting adding it under `call` too?

Reviewer: yes that was the suggestion but i don't think it's a good idea anymore

> Using `call`, we can perform read operations against our local node (or public one using the `--network mainnet` parameter). The syntax is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using `call`, we can perform read operations against our local node or the specified public network. The syntax is:
```
I'm thinking we should rephrase this a little bit since we have two public networks (not just mainnet). Just an idea^

nile get-nonce <contract_address>
```

> ### `get_declaration` (NRE only)

Reviewer 2: Nice! Yes, I agree it looks more organized. Perhaps, it's soon time to give NRE it's own heading and save us the trouble of adding things like `(NRE only)`
